ghi(1) -- the stupid issue tracker
==================================

## SYNOPSIS

`ghi` [`--version`] [`-p`|`--paginate`|`--no-pager`] [`--help`] <command>
[<args>]<br> ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` [ `--` [<user>/]<repo>]]

## DESCRIPTION

GHI is the alphabetical acronym for GitHub Issues. GHI provides an easy way to
manage your issues from the comfort of the command line and your editor of
choice.

GHI should look familiar if you're familiar with Git. When invoked from a
repository directory that has a GitHub remote, GHI will work with that
repository's issues by default. Otherwise, GHI will work with your global
issues or with a repository specified in its terminating arguments.

The <command> is either the name of a GHI command (see below) or an alias.

## OPTIONS

  * `--version`:
    Prints the GHI version number.

  * `--help`:
    Prints the synopsis and a list of commonly-used commands. If a GHI command
    is named, this option will bring up the manual page for that command.

    See `ghi-help`(1) for more information.

  * `-p`, `--paginate`:
    Pipe all output into less if standard output is a terminal.

  * `--no-pager`:
    Do not pipe output into a pager.

  * `--[no-]color`:
    Toggle colorized output.

## GHI COMMANDS

  * `ghi-assign`(1):
    Assign an issue to yourself (or someone else).

  * `ghi-close`(1):
    Close an issue.

  * `ghi-lock`(1):
    Lock an issue's conversation, limiting it to collaborators.

  * `ghi-unlock`(1):
    Unlock an issue's conversation, opening it to all viewers.

  * `ghi-comment`(1):
    Leave a comment on an issue.

  * `ghi-config`(1):
    Configure GHI.

  * `ghi-edit`(1):
    Modify an existing issue.

  * `ghi-label`(1):
    Create, list, modify, or delete labels.

  * `ghi-list`(1):
    List your issues (or a repository's).

  * `ghi-milestone`(1):
    Manage project milestones.

  * `ghi-open`(1):
    Open (or reopen) an issue.

  * `ghi-show`(1):
    Show an issue's details.

## ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

Various GHI commands use the following environment variables:

  * _GHI_REPO_:
    The GitHub repository to be used by the issued GHI command.

  * _GHI_TOKEN_:
    The OAuth access token used to authenticate you.

  * _GHI_PAGER_:
    This environment variable overrides _$GIT_PAGER_ and _$PAGER_. If it is set
    to an empty string or to the value "cat", git will not launch a pager.

  * _GHI_EDITOR_:
    This environment variable overrides _$GIT_EDITOR_, _$VISUAL_, and
    _$EDITOR_.

  * _GITHUB_USER_:
    Your GitHub username: used to authenticate and identify you.

  * _GITHUB_PASSWORD_:
    If you store your GitHub password in an environment variable, GHI will
    automatically attempt to fetch an access token using it.

All environment variables may also be stored in Git configuration files where
the variable is in lowercase form and the underscore is a period (e.g.,
_$GHI_REPO_ would become the ghi.repo option).

## AUTHORS

GHI is maintained by Stephen Celis. A full list of contributors can be found
at <https://github.com/stephencelis/ghi/contributors>.

## REPORTING BUGS

    ghi open -- stephencelis/ghi

Or visit <https://github.com/stephencelis/ghi/issues>.
