= ghi

http://github.com/stephencelis/ghi


GitHub Issues on the command line. Use your <tt>$EDITOR</tt>, not your
browser.

== HOW?

Get:

  % gem install ghi


Go:

  Usage: ghi [options]
      -l, --list [state|term|number]
          --search, --show
      -v, --verbose
          --ssl
      -o, --open [title|number]
          --reopen
      -c, --closed, --close [number]
      -e, --edit [number]
      -r, --repo, --repository [name]
      -m, --comment [number|comment]
      -t, --label [number] [label]
          --claim [number]
      -d, --unlabel [number] [label]
      -u, --url [state|number]
          --[no-]color
          --[no-]pager
      -V, --version
      -h, --help


== EXAMPLE?

ghi works simply from within a repository. Some short examples:

  ghi -l                    # Lists all open issues
  ghi                       # Shorter shorthand for "ghi -l"
  ghi -v                    # Lists all open issues, verbosely (includes body)
  ghi -lc                   # Lists all closed issues
  ghi -l "doesn't work"     # Searches for open issues matching "doesn't work"
  ghi -l invalid -c         # Searches for closed issues matching "invalid"
  ghi -l1                   # Shows issue 1
  ghi -1                    # Shorter shorthand for "ghi -l1"
  ghi 1                     # Shorter shorthand still
  ghi -o                    # Opens a new issue (in your $EDITOR)
  ghi -o "New issue"        # Opens a new issue with the title "New issue"
  ghi -o "Title" -m "Body"  # Opens a new issue with specified title and body
  ghi -e1                   # Edits issue number 1 (in your $EDITOR)
  ghi -e1 -m "New body"     # Edits issue number 1 with the specified body
  ghi -c1                   # Closes issue 1
  ghi -c1 -m                # Closes issue with comment (from your $EDITOR)
  ghi -c1 -m "Comment"      # Closes issue with specified comment
  ghi -o1                   # Reopens 1 (accepts comments, too)
  ghi -m1                   # Comments on issue 1 (in your $EDITOR)
  ghi -t1 "tag"             # Labels issue 1 with "tag"
  ghi -d1 "tag"             # Removes the label, "tag"
  ghi --claim 1             # Tags issue 1 with your GitHub username
  ghi -u                    # Loads issues in your browser.
  ghi -u1                   # Loads an issue in your browser.


ghi also works anywhere:

  ghi -rghi                 # Your fork of "ghi"
  ghi -rstephencelis/ghi    # Mine: "stephencelis/ghi"
  ghi stephencelis/ghi      # Shorthand to merely list open.


ghi uses ANSI colors if you use them in git.

ghi looks for a <tt>$GHI_PAGER</tt> variable for paging.

Always favor SSL by setting it:

  git config --global github.ssl true


== CONTRIBUTORS

* Jamie Macey (http://blog.tracefunc.com)
* Hiroshi Nakamura (http://github.com/nahi)
* David J. Hamilton


=== CONTRIBUTE?

Running the tests should be as simple as a `bundle` and
`bundle exec spec spec`.

ghi is not under currently under the control of any gem packaging system. To
build, use RubyGems:

  % gem build ghi.gemspec
  % sudo gem install ghi*.gem


== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

(c) 2009-* Stephen Celis, stephen@stephencelis.com.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy 
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal 
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights 
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is 
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
